Form: Update isRequired and RequiredRule (#8084)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxForm/5 Item Types/SimpleItem/isRequired.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Specifies if the current form item is required.

---
When this property is enabled, Form uses [RequiredRule](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxValidator/8%20Validation%20Rules/RequiredRule '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxValidator/Validation_Rules/RequiredRule/') to validate the current item. The following values break **RequiredRule**:

- [Falsy JavaScript values](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Falsy) except `0`, `-0`, `0n`, and `NaN`.

> - Invalid values for the target editor (e.g. a non-numeric string for the [NumberBox](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxNumberBox '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxNumberBox/') component).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Invalid values for the target editor (for example, a non-numeric string for the [NumberBox](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxNumberBox '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxNumberBox/') component).
```
